docs: correct the Cask Cookbook and cask terminology (#23207)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Cask-Cookbook.md

## The cask language is declarative

> Each cask contains a series of stanzas (or “fields”) which *declare* how the software is to be obtained and installed. In a declarative language, the author does not need to worry about **order**. As long as all the needed fields are present, Homebrew determines what needs to be done at install time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each cask contains a series of stanzas (or “fields”) which *declare* how the software is to be obtained and installed. In a declarative language, the author does not need to worry about **order**. As long as all the needed fields are present, Homebrew determines what to do at install time.
```

    internet_plugin
    keyboard_layout
    prefpane
    qlplugin

>     mdimporter

Author: The order list mirrors the RuboCop STANZA_ORDER constant that enforces it, and appimage is not in that constant, so documenting a position here would claim an ordering the cop does not define. The artifact table documents appimage; adding it to the cop plus this list is a separate follow-up.

| `internet_plugin`                | yes                           | Relative path to an Internet Plugin that should be moved into the `~/Library/Internet Plug-Ins` folder on installation. |
| `keyboard_layout`                | yes                           | Relative path to a Keyboard Layout that should be moved into the `/Library/Keyboard Layouts` folder on installation. |
| `prefpane`                       | yes                           | Relative path to a Preference Pane that should be moved into the `~/Library/PreferencePanes` folder on installation. |

> | `qlplugin`                       | yes                           | Relative path to a Quick Look plugin that should be moved into the `~/Library/QuickLook` folder on installation. |

Reviewer 2: This was removed previously because the it is no longer functional on modern macOS versions.

Author: Removed. The DSL and RuboCop stanza order still include it, presumably for existing casks, which is why it read as a doc gap.

#### Casks pinned to specific versions

> Only create a versioned cask for a release line that meets the [acceptance requirements for versioned releases](Acceptable-Casks.md#default-and-alternative-release-channels).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A versioned cask may only be created for a release line that meets the [acceptance requirements for versioned releases](Acceptable-Casks.md#default-and-alternative-release-channels).
```

> Casks pinned to a specific version of the application (e.g. [`carbon-copy-cloner@5`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/HEAD/Casks/c/carbon-copy-cloner%405.rb)) should use the same token as the standard cask with a suffix of `@<version-number>`.

Reviewer: `carbon-copy-cloner@5` is no longer in the repository, so updating with a Cask example with multiple versions.  Can be changed if desired.

```suggestion
Casks pinned to a specific version of the application (e.g. [`coretto@8`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/blob/HEAD/Casks/c/corretto%408.rb)) should use the same token as the standard cask with a suffix of `@<version-number>`.
```

> For Carbon Copy Cloner (`carbon-copy-cloner`), pinned to version 6, the token is `carbon-copy-cloner@6`.

Reviewer: Same as previous, `carbon-copy-cloner@5` is no longer in Cask so update with an example that has multiple versions.

```suggestion
For Corretto (`corretto`), pinned to version 11, the token is corretto@11`, while the most recent version does not have a suffix.
```

Author: Applied with the missing backtick added.

Reviewer: ah whoops thanks, did it here in the web editor and must've missed it.
